Fitness, it was Lu Ji's application that I got back.
Why didn't the little bitch just say
When the gym comes, I don't know how to say please.
When I came back this afternoon
I happened to meet Mr. Lu
He happened to be coming to Mu's house
Know that I am the servant of the Mu family
Just send it to me
So warm
Hurry up and pour tea for Jing Shen
It's this kind of thing
Well deep, I'm so sorry
I made you laugh just now.
This is also warm.
Come back so late
We were also worried for a while.
ten
The wood is really fresh
Even a maid is so happy
Haha, that's natural.
Warm, although a servant
But I grew up watching it anyway
Besides, he's about the same age.
This is not
Qingqing has always taken care of her as a sister
Hahaha, it's me. I have something else to do, so I'll go first.
Explain it well
Come back slowly, haha.
madam
Mr. Lu originally invited Miss to dinner tonight
But Warm did not go to the appointment as a lady
Now Mr. Lu can send him back
It's not easy
This bitch is just like his bitch mother
On the surface, young people refuse to work hard
But how cautious do you want to seduce yourself?
Despicable wife
He better know how to restrain
Otherwise I look good